feat: bezier curve for animation (#2059)
YaLTeR/niri: docs/wiki/Configuration:-Animations.md

}
```

Currently, niri only supports five curves:

- `ease-out-quad` <sup>Since: 0.1.5</sup>
- `ease-out-cubic`
- `ease-out-expo`
- `linear` <sup>Since: 0.1.6</sup>

> - `bezier` <sup>Since: next release</sup>

Reviewer: I say we name this cubic-bezier to more closely match CSS

> - `bezier` <sup>Since: next release</sup>
>     Beside the curve name, you will also need to specify 4 float number, which corresponds to 4 control points of the curve, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `bezier` <sup>Since: next release</sup> 
    A custom [cubic Bézier curve](https://www.w3.org/TR/css-easing-1/#cubic-bezier-easing-functions). You need to set 4 numbers defining the control points of the curve, for example:
```
